Road trip!
See you guys.
Have a good time.
Let's go.
We're just gonna have a chill day in.
- Road trip!
- Yeah!
I said. "Chill day in..."
but did I mean it?
Wait. I thought we were
having a chill day.
Oh... we are...
Oh. good... not.
Welcome to
your bachelorette party 2.0.
I got...
- the nail polish.
- Mm.
- I got comfy socks.
- Okay.
I have Canadian Broadcast Television's
1985 masterpiece.
Anne of Green Gables.
Good ol' A.G.G.
But. oh. wait...
who invited this
little green chimney?
I-it's a bong.
Yeah.
Oh. scoot. once every ten years.
Jessica Day likes to partake
in what the Native
Americans call cannabis.
- That's Latin.
- I like to call it
Giggle Dirt.
You know. we really don't
have to do this. because every time
you smoke weed you almost die.
I'm gonna Jackass into these melons!
Ah...
♪ Oh. my God ♪
♪ Return of high Jess ♪
Anne Shirley...
what in heck are you doing?
Fishing for lake trout.
- Hey.
- Hmm?
- For lake trout?
- Remember Coach?
Oh. yeah.
Where is he?
Anne. wait. wait a minute.
I was just down at the post office
- to see if the Queens results...
- Like. why...
like. why...
like why are Gilbert's lips so sexual?
Wait a minute. you ninny.
we tied for first place.
- you and I.
- Man. I...
I-I love Schmidt.
you know I love Schmidt.
but I would throw it
all away for Gilbert.
I would just ruin my life to that boy.
I'm just sorry you
had to share it with me.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
The very fact that socks exist
is proof that shoes don't work.
Oh. my God. I... my hearing is.
like. so good without my glasses on.
I'm. like...
a super hear-o.
Just...
eating up sounds
with my ear mouths.
Oh. my God. oh. my God.
oh. my God. oh. my God.
Oh. my God. wait till you try that.
- Okay.
- Put them on.
It's like my hearing is.
like. what a dog hears.
And I was calmly waiting for it.
I can hear the TV.
Man.
Oh. my God.
Okay. this stuff is really strong.
Where did you get it?
I know people...
through you.
So. it's just gonna be me
and Cece. uh. but I want to.
you know. throw a little...
gasoline on the fire.
if you know what I mean.
I have Russian nesting doll.
Uh-oh.
It's grenade.
Just looking for
a little weed. Nadia.
And what the heck. throw in
that bag of kettle corn. too.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh. scoot!
You got me a stripper?!
So. uh. you want me to
sign my package. or...
Wait. I think
- he's just a...
- A man...
trying to do my job for
the U.S. Postal Service.
not a stripper.
Yes. I dance.
Yes. I'm sexy...
but I don't do it professionally.
Now. could you please just sign here?
Your calves look like a snake
swallowed a bag of ropes.
You know that. right?
I'm sorry for my friend
objectifying you.
but in her defense.
you are fine as hell.
Fine as hell!
I know you're not a stripper.
but is there any way you could
just take your short pants off?
Mm-hmm.
Have a nice day.
Om. nom. nom. nom. nom. nom. nom.
- nom. nom. nom.
- Nom. nom. nom.
- Sorry.
- Very sorry.
- Sorry. sorry.
- But we are not sorry about that.
- Keep walking away there!
- Oh. keep... slow...
it down there for a second.
- Ay-ay-ay.
- Ooh...
- Smack that! Sorry.
- Ooh.
I think this is
a gift from our registry.
Wait. don't open it!
What if I-inside of it
is us. but we're older?
I've no clue what this is.
You know. Schmidt handled
everything from the registry.
Crockpot!
Kettle. kettle!
Espresso maker!
Trivet!
Melon baller!
It's a bread maker?
From...
oh. from Schmidt's mom.
"Cece. this bread maker
couldn't be easier to use."
"It has one button."
"Even you can do it with a few tries."
"Ha. ha. Louise."
What does that mean?!
Oh. no.
She...
Oh. no!
I mean. is she trying to say
that I can't even push one button?
She doesn't think that I can take care
of her precious. little boy.
She doesn't like that Schmidt does
- all the cooking...
- Hold up.
hold up. hold up. hold up. hold up.
This simple bitch
wants you to be some kind of
June Cleaver. Betty Draper.
Carol Brady wifey?!
- Mm-mm.
- It is the
- 21st century!
- Uh-huh.
Fifth generation feminism!
- Keep going.
- Work-life balance!
- We need to rise up.
- Yeah!
22% less pay for the same job?!
Don't tell me what to wax!
Sideburn where my thigh turn.
You know what we need
to do to this thing?!
Bake bread in it!
Wait. wait. wait!
What. what?!
You'll do a lot more damage with this.
This is why I love you.
Homemade bread's for Europeans!
- That's right!
- Yeah!
U.S.A.!
U.S.A.! U.S.A.!
Oh. my God. I just realized
some day I'm gonna have
to speak at my mother's funeral.
Wow.
- U.S.A.!
Oh. wait... hey!
We're coming up on
the rental place right now.
I just got an e-mail notification
that our first wedding gift has arrived.
Oh. y-you did?
Spoiler alert.
- it's a bread maker.
- Bread maker.
Cece. do me a favor and bring it inside.
It's in the hallway right now.
Yeah. I'll-I'll go...
I'll go get the... the bread maker
and bring it inside. in one piece.
safe and sound.
I love you so much. I got to go.
Bread maker!
This was shipped like this
so we are gonna need a new one.
You obviously broke this yourself.
Uh...
You obviously broke it yourself.
Yup.
No.
You crushed it with your mind.
- Okay. you're calling me a witch?
- No. no. no.
- A sorceress.
You just have magical powers.
you don't like...
I don't know how I can help you today.
It's like that episode of...
remember that episode?
Yeah.
Of that... yeah.
So...
Okay. so. like. um...
how-how much would it...
would it be to replace it?
It's $1.200.
Is there a store in the mall
that sells $1.200 for. like. $50?
How is this thing so expensive?
Aly!
What are you doing here?
Seriously?
We just had this conversation
outside the mall.
- Hey.
- Aly!
What are you doing here?
You don't... remember that?
No. no. I do. I do.
- You don't. do you?
- I don't.
- I do.
- Really?
- No.
Okay.
It's Cece's bachelorette party.
Yeah...
Oh. yeah.
- You do remember it?
- No.
Don't remember it?
- Mm-mm.
- Anyway...
this is my super
present boyfriend. Tripp.
I'm sorry.
he's dealing with a very
important work crisis
right now. since he's an agent
for animal actors.
Fine. fine!
Hire Colonel Fantastic
instead of Maurice.
You want to walk onto
Alfonso Cuarón's set
and tell him that
he lost his lead otter.
be my-be my guest. okay.
Who's gonna get her in the
water with Naomi Watts?
Colonel Fantastic?
Yeah. right.
It's my fifth year
anniversary of being a cop
and he's supposed to make me dinner...
if he ever gets off the phone.
Hey. babe.
I need a left-handed spatula. okay?
Don't tell me it's not
a thing; it's a thing.
Soul mates do exist.
What a wang.
- You know what?
- Hmm?
I'm gonna tell Aly that
Winston's in love with her!
No. Winston would kill you.
Okay. I'll just text Winston
and I'll get him up to speed
on Aly and Tripp.
Nailed it.
Excuse me. are you actually
gonna buy something?
Yeah. we need to buy another
bread maker. 'cause you claim
we "destroyed" this one "with a stick."
I never said stick
and we're out of stock.
Well. maybe that's what you said.
You destroyed this thing with the stock.
Is that what you did?
You beat this with a stick?
No. I didn't. I said you said...
- you said stick.
- But I didn't say stick.
I never said stick.
I don't even have a stick.
I live downtown.
Well. we're-we're out of stock. so...
But you-you have one right there.
Oh...
that's the floor model.
- Can't sell the floor model.
- Yes. you...
- it's right there.
- It's right there.
We need it to sell other bread makers.
You just said
you don't have other bread makers.
I don't make the rules.
Who makes the rules?
Derek.
- Definitely too high
- No. I cannot deal
- to talk to Derek.
- with Derek right now.
Okay. I have a really
good plan. all right?
We just leave this here
and then we go do something different.
Jessica. that is the first thing
that Schmidt and I own
together and I ruined it.
I have to do something.
I have to replace it.
Okay.
♪ Feel like baking love ♪
What?
How does it know we're here?
♪ Feel like baking love... ♪
- What's happening?
- ♪ Feel like ♪
♪ F-feel like baking ♪
♪ Feel like baking love ♪
Psst! Hey...
♪ Feel like-feel like ♪
Snap out of it. snap out of it.
♪ Feel like baking love. feel like ♪
- Get down. Snap out of it.
- ♪ Feel like... feel like baking love ♪
Get this puppy...
♪ Feel like baking love ♪
Should we get snacks?
Go. go!
No. he won't wear glasses.
Uh. because he's not
a library owl. he's a horror movie owl.
Look.
we're gonna do your cop
dinner thing tomorrow.
Yeah. this is just how I wanted
to celebrate a major milestone.
What's happening there?
Forget it. okay? Just go.
And I hope your owl
chokes on a mouse.
That is so mean.
I've seen that happen.
Did they just break up?
This is huge for Winston.
What are you... what... Hey. Jess. move.
Jess. move. come on. Keep moving.
Keep moving. keep moving. keep moving.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
let's go. let's go. let's go.
Almost there. almost there.
- Ugh.
- Oh!
Tripp just took off.
What. uh...
are... what are you guys doing?
- Nothing.
- Do you need help with that box?
- Nope.
- No. we're good.
It looks heavy. I can help you.
No. you don't want to get involved.
- trust me.
- Please. don't make me say it.
Fine. I'll say it.
I don't really want to be
alone right now. and so...
can I please just... like.
come help you guys
make bread or whatever?
Aw. of course. yeah. Let's go.
Got to go quickly. got to go quickly.
Yeah. yeah. let's go. let's go.
Did you trash the display?
Is that a stolen floor model?
Back off!
Do these ladies look like
shoplifters to you?
Oh. no.
What are you doing?
This isn't how you handcuff people.
It's mall jail.
I only have two handcuffs.
I'm an actual cop.
Yeah. right.
I'm a cop!
For the love of mack daddy.
- why can't you be cool?
- Shut it!
You're in my house now.
Calm down. sir. your house is clearly
a lost and found.
And it's all just baby shoes...
and babies don't even need shoes.
Why not put that money
towards something worthwhile
like a cute hat or a raincoat?
A baby in a raincoat.
It's like... just like a...
a little baby meteorologist.
Hey. so. it's this simple. okay.
We wanted to pay for the bread maker.
but they wouldn't let us pay for it
because it was a floor model.
so we had a plan... I don't care.
Baby in a raincoat.
This is bad. you guys.
This is really bad!
He's gonna call the real cops
and I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
I could lose my job...
or worse...
They put me on train duty.
I'm so sorry we got you
in this situation. okay.
I am so sorry. too.
Okay. how do we get out of here?
How. how? Before the cops come.
Oh!
Yes. okay. guys.
here's how we get out of here.
We dress up in the clothes
from the lost and found.
and we start crying.
and then he comes back in and
he's like. "Where are the girls?"
This is just babies in here."
You're incredibly high.
No.
- Yeah.
- No.
- Mm-hmm.
- No. No.
- Yeah.
- Who?
- You. You. babe.
- How did you know?
Oh. I knew from the
first second I saw you.
Like. literally the first second.
Okay. ideas. you. go.
Oh. no. no. no. I am not
giving you any ideas
because it was my idea
that got us into this mess
in the first place.
First...
I bashed Schmidt's $1.200 bread maker.
- $1.200?
- Yeah.
- For a bread maker?
- I know.
That's a lot of dough.
I'm trying to wink.
Am I winking?
Then I got my best friend here
to commit a crime.
and now you might have... train duty?
It's like marathon duty
but without the hot guys
pooping their pants.
What does that say about me
if I can't even take care
of a bread maker?
What if Louise was right?
What if I can't take care of Schmidt?
How can you say you don't
take care of people?
You've been taking care
of me my entire life.
You're fierce and you are strong.
and you would stand up
for anyone that you love.
You're like a big. scary mama bear.
I'm gonna Jackass into these melons!
Ah...
I'm okay.
You're my mama bear. girl.
Oh...
I wish I had someone
in my life who cared about me the way
you guys care about each other.
Oh. don't.
- You do.
- I just... I've been a cop
- for five years and...
- You do.
Jessica!
I just wanted to celebrate it.
but then Tripp had to leave
to meet an owl for sushi.
An owl he sent a basket of mice
to at Christmas. who
I'm pretty sure has
a nicer house than me.
Let me tell her... please!
I'll blame it on being stoned.
Stoned?
You're stoned?
That makes this a drug case.
Okay. yeah. you have no idea
what you're talking about.
- Wait. no. I made a mistake.
- You better get
comfortable. you're gonna be here
for a long time. lady!
A long time!
Oh. you little...
power trip...
trash guard!
You know what?
This is over!
The only way you
are gonna get to her
is if you go through me.
and you are not getting through me.
Mama bear.
Oh...
Oh. don't do that. No...
♪ Oh ♪
Hey. no!
No. no. no!
I have a system.
No. please.
The shoes.
I had those all paired off.
Run!
No!
What?
Hey. no. wait! No!
Mama bear!
That was freaking awesome!
Aly. Winston has a crush on you!
What?
Bishop has a crush on me?!
Run!
Bishop has a crush on me?
Bishop?
Mm-hmm.
No. I can't date my partner.
Why not? He's the best guy!
And you broke up with what's-his-name.
What? No. I didn't.
- Hmm?
- No. Tripp and I are
just... we're in a fight.
Ah.
Interesting
information.
I...
texted Winston and
told him you were single.
- What?
- Oh...
it's fine.
They're in Las Vegas.
They're...
stuffing coins into the
underpanties of women.
Oh. my God!
What happened to you?
We can't talk
about it right now. We're here
to help Winston with...
Who did that to you?
Where are they? I will kill them.
Oh. uh...
truth be told. it was a child.
- Uh. Aly.
- Child?
You're... you're here.
Uh. guys. you...
- you ready?
- Winston.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no. wait.
- No... no.
- Mm-mm. no.
- Trust me.
- Mm-mm. mm-mm.
- Don't. Mm-mm.
♪ Alison ♪
- ♪ I know this world ♪
- Aly. um. look. I really like you.
- ♪ Is killing ♪ - and. um...
You. oh look. I know you just
broke up with your boyfriend.
- ♪ Alison ♪
- but... whenever you're ready.
I'd like to take you on a date.
A real date. you know.
with food. and music...
Bishop. I didn't...
- ♪ My aim ♪
- I didn't break up with him.
♪ Oh. you've got a husband now. ♪
We didn't break up.
I'm sorry. uh...
Jess said...
There was a miscommunication.
It wasn't really me.
It was high Jess.
I missed high Jess?!
Now I have to wait another ten years?
I can't take it anymore.
I just have to say something.
Cece. I'm still in love
with you. all right?
Don't marry Schmidt.
That's a big mistake. all right?
You run away with me...
- Not now. Robby.
- Honestly. stop.
Now's not the time. Robby.
Okay. it makes sense. I...
I've been in this apartment
before. I'm certain of it.
It was 1972.
Gore Vidal. Linda Lavin.
and I were all drunk
on white port and cough syrup...
Guys. quiet. please.
I just...
I need to talk to Bishop
for a second.
I'm so sorry about this.
That song was nice.
Um... Aly is actually
not short for Alison
but...
it was really good effort. Okay. cool.
yeah. that's...
I'm-I'm good. I'm good. um...
Tripp. you know. he's a very lucky guy.
very lucky guy. but I'm fine.
Don't worry about me.
I'm just gonna go to my room
and try to shove my face
through a heating grate.
Yeah. Jess. I will deal
with you in the morning.
You know what my Grammy always said.
"Why put off for tomorrow-day.
what you could say. nnn... today-day?"
Yeah.
Oh. Aly. um...
Happy Copiversary.
You've been a cop five years today.
and I know how much that means to you.
so...
congratulations. I am very proud of you.
Oh. my...
Wait. Winston.
Uh. something told me
not to go with copiversary.
My first choice. though.
was Police Navidad.
No. I just...
You remembered.
Well. of course. I remembered.
I mean. I'm your partner.
why wouldn't I re... I mean. I...
Thank you.
You!
Welcome to Russian bachelorette party!
Oh. Nadia! Nadia. you look stunning!
Praise Jesus!
Now. dance. now!
Whoa.
Dance! You dance now!
All of you. you dance!
I think I'm over Cece.
Who is that?
I spank you. dirty Nick bastard!
Shut up. monster!
You hear me?!
Yeah!
This is the happiest
I've been in my entire life.
I mean. look at my feet.
Can't you see how happy I am?
Okay. you know I still technically
have a boyfriend. right?
Oh. it's cool. I'm married.
What?
Oh. don't worry. it was a prank.
What?!
Best man.
Maid of honor.
Who gets first tattoo?
No. thank you.
I'll take a shamrock on my knuckle.
- Synced and corrected by hawken45 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm